Hi! I'm a generic NPCPerson! That's the name of my class.
You can interact with us using the space bar!
Wait? How are the laws of nature affected by buttons?
What's wrong with me?
Boo.
I am a mummy.
All I do is wander around.
My AI is governed by pseudo-randomness!
Did you know we're technically existing in a 1D world?
This 2D world is actually based of a 1D data structure!
My interests include hockey, tuna fishing, and talking!
I love wearing suspenders.
Why do we all look the same?
Our image file is named Terry, but Tim thinks we look like him.
Why don't you look like us?
My code prevents me from leaving this worldspace.
I can't even stand on transport cells.
Don't forget! Inductors are big and scary!
Zener Zappin'!
CS and his MRI M... CS, if you know what I mean...
Free MRI's from Saltcasa's Hospital-in-a-Box!
Boolean functions and boolean functions...
I am not error.
Why does sound not exist in this universe?
These text boxes are not yet capable of word-wrapping.
There is currently no code preventing duplicate NPC names.
What should I feed my son? Lipids or nucleic acids?
Paint a picture of a monkey!
Where is my house? I'm lost!
Where do randomly-generated beings come from?
Imagine if we were all given purpose...
Walk left. Now walk right. Where am I even going?
This program still needs code reorganization.
Currently, the Universe class invokes everything else.
You can repopulate the world with the R key.
If you repopulate the world, we all get garbage-collected!
The laws of our AI require us to not cause memory leaks...
What are those strange floating numbers and letters?
If we're not within your view range, we disappear!
The game engine doesn't draw anything outside of your area.
You don't comment your code enough. Dishonor.
You don't really follow a set coding convention. Bad.
Where are we?
Who are you?
Did you know you can change your identity?
If you changed to look like us, we wouldn't notice.
We only see that the cell next to us is occupied by you.
You probably can't see the console output.
I went to the ELab, but nobody was there.
Do you understand what j is? It is not on this axis.
Ni hao! Ce suo du le.
Did you know you can make your own areas?
You can change the textures of anything you want in imgs.
Shortest path algorithms will be diagonal? That's weird.
Perhaps certain cells will have a path value...
I forget how to sort LinkedLists...
CellGrid generation has been standardized to 1 text file.
How shall I go about creating my own filetype?
Should there be a level editor program or mode?
When will the world get a new mode?
When will I be able to fight you?
Should music be MIDI-based? ogg? MP3? WAV?
Why is the programmer talking through us?
We are a collective through the NPCManager class.
Theoretically, we NPCs all share a brain.
The Universe orders us around.
Technically we're copyrighted, but this is just for fun.
There's a slight lag after moving the player. Fix it.
Motion smoothing is necessary. Time-animation redundancy.
Use of the default package is not recommended.
You can edit what we say: TutorialSpeech.txt in strings.
See as the boo wave passes through the boo-pass filter...
We're not persistant NPCs, so don't get too attached.
I'm sorry, I can't be your best friend :'( .
Interaction code is being migrated and re-written.
There needs to be a way to pause the universe...
Perhaps testing pause menu stuff will add options.
In the future, you may have some control over our AI.
A quest system is currently in the works.
01000010010011110100111100100001
This is the last line of the text file.